Name: Shantanu Bhattacharya (seoLegna)
Date: 14/10/2019
Project: 05-SPACE-SHOOTER
Peer's repository: https://github.com/ellievanb/05-Space-Shooter



What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?
--> It was a great idea to let the enemies fight back. 
    Those sprites were really cool too. Elizabeth's project really was entertaining and helpful as 
    it gave me a lot of good ideas.
    The code was well optimised and much easier to read when compared to my code.
    It was over all a great project.

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?
--> I would love to arm my enemies as well as better optimize my code.
    It would also be a great idea to make my code be as easily readeable as 
    Elizabeth's code.
 
What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
--> The basic idea of the program is great and it was really great to play a 
    smooth and well optimized game, but it would be a nice idea to kill the 
    bullet sprite after it hits the enemy and it would be even better if the 
    ship could take damage from the enemy bullets.
    It would be even cooler if the background was something in motion. 
    In no way does the game feel incomplete, these 
    ideas are just to make it better. I would love to answer any questions 
    that you may have about my suggestions. 

What could have been clearer or better commented?
--> Nothing! The code was really well organised and it was very clear which file to run,
    the README file was a very helpful insight as well.
 
Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?
--> No. The code was very clear and easy to understand.
 
Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
--> Yes it does.
 
What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
--> Nothing much really, it was sufficiently outlined and provided just the right 
    amount of insight.
 
Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.
--> Elizabeth, your game was great! It was really fun and creative.
    It was entertaining and smooth, the sprite choice was wonderful.

